Welcome to the Knox video training series.
In this video,
we will show you how to easily and quickly protect our devices in the event of loss or theft.
Let's get started.
This video is for administrators who have already created an advanced profile.
Information on how to create such a profile can be found at docs.samsungknox.com.
In order to use this function, we need a device enrolled in the EMM based on the prepared KME Advanced profile.
Please note that the KME Advanced profile only works with an active Knox Suite license.
This function allows us to lock a device regardless of whether or not the device supports EMM communication.
Let's move on to a demonstration of how we can use the device locking function.
In the Knox Admin Portal, after navigating to the Knox Mobile Enrollment console, go to the Advanced tab in the Devices menu.
This tab will quickly allow you to list all the devices assigned to an advanced profile.
You will now learn how to use the device locking function. This function will only work on devices with the Enrolled status,
which is shown in green in the console.
Devices can be locked individually
by navigating to the device details or altogether by selecting the relevant devices and clicking the Actions button.
A change of color will indicate the activation status of the function. We will discuss what the colors represent at the end of this video.
To lock the device within the details, simply move the slider next to the Lock option.
Select a number of devices from the device list and click the Actions button. In the menu that appears, select Lock.
In the adjacent window, you can see what is happening on one of the devices.
The lock function works independently of the EMM vendor. We can have different enrollment profiles in the KME console for different EMMs
and the lock will work on all the devices we have selected from the list.
In the Actions menu, you can also do the opposite, i.e. you can unlock locked devices.
This mechanism works when the device is connected to the Internet. But what if the device is not connected to the Internet?
In the next step, I will show you how to unlock a device if there is no connection, e.g. due to a lack of Internet connection on the device.
In a situation where we are not connected to the device and it is locked, we can unlock it using a PIN generated in the KME console.
Go to the device details and click the PIN button.
In the window that appears, enter the passkey that is visible on the screen of the locked device.
It is displayed in the top message with information about the owner of the device.
The passkey is generated once. Once it has been used, the system will generate a new passkey when you lock the device again.
After entering the passkey in the console window, click the button that will generate the PIN.
Enter the generated PIN in the dedicated field on the locked device.
A very useful tool for administrators is the ability to check whether a device is locked or unlocked.
Green indicates that the device is not locked.
Yellow means that the device is in the process of being locked or unlocked.
Red indicates that the device is locked. With this status, the PIN generation button is also active.
I discussed how to use the PIN a little earlier.
That's it. That's everything you need to know about the function for locking lost and stolen devices.
I encourage you to use our guides available at docs.samsungknox.com,
where you will find all the information you need on settings and descriptions of our other products.
See you soon in the next video about the new functions within the Advanced Profile at Knox Mobile Enrollment (KME).
Thanks for watching!